Add documentation to use Kedro with Minio storage (#546)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/05_data/01_data_catalog.md

> *Note:* When using [`pandas.SQLTableDataSet`](/kedro.extras.datasets.pandas.SQLTableDataSet) or [`pandas.SQLQueryDataSet`](/kedro.extras.datasets.pandas.SQLQueryDataSet) you must provide a database connection string. In the example above we pass it using `scooters_credentials` key from the credentials (see the details in [Feeding in credentials](#feeding-in-credentials) section below). `scooters_credentials` must have a top-level key `con` containing [SQLAlchemy compatible](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/core/engines.html#database-urls) connection string. As an alternative to credentials, you could explicitly put `con` into `load_args` and `save_args` (`pandas.SQLTableDataSet` only).

> Example 14: Loading data from Minio (S3 API Compatible Storage)

Reviewer: I would like to make this example as concise as possible, like other examples. How about

Example 14: Loading data from [Minio](https://min.io/) (S3 API Compatible Storage)
```yaml
test:
  type: pandas.CSVDataSet
  filepath: s3://your_bucket/test.csv # assume `test.csv` is uploaded to the Minio server.
  credentials: dev_minio
```

In `credentials.yml`, define the access key, token and the endpoint_url as follows:
```yaml
dev_minio:
  key: token
  secret: key
  cleitn_kwargs:
    endpoint_url : 'http://localhost:9000' 
```
> Note: The easiest way to setup Minio is to run a docker. After the following command, you can access to Minio server with http://localhost:9000 and create a bucket and add files as if it is on S3.
```bash
docker run -p 9000:9000 -e "MINIO_ACCESS_KEY=token" -e "MINIO_SECRET_KEY=key" minio/minio server /data
```

Author: looks better, updated

Minio has a S3 Compatible API, if you have security concern, you may consider hosting the storage within your network.

The easiest way to setup Minio is to run a docker.

docker run -p 9000:9000 \
  -e "MINIO_ACCESS_KEY=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE" \
  -e "MINIO_SECRET_KEY=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY" \
  minio/minio server /data

  You can then access Minio with http://localhost:9000, create bucket and add files like it is on S3.

> In your credentials.yml, you need to define the access key, token, and the endpoint_url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `credentials.yml`, you need to define the access key, token, and the endpoint_url
```

```yaml
dev_minio:

>   key: AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE # Assuming you use the default configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  key: token # Assuming you use the default configuration
```

>   secret: wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  secret: key
```

>   cleitn_kwargs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  client_kwargs:
```

    endpoint_url : 'http://localhost:9000' # default for minio
```

Assume that you already have a bucket named "kedro-test" and a file "test.csv" get upload to the Minio server. You can simply define it in the Data Catalog and use it just like any other dataset.
```yaml
test:
  type: pandas.CSVDataSet

>   filepath: s3://kedro-test/test.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  filepath: s3://your_bucket/test.csv
```

```

> *Note:* Saving `None` to a dataset is not allowed!

> # Using Minio (S3 API Compatible Storage) in Data Catalog

Reviewer: Rather than having a separate section for Minio, could we have it under "Using the Data Catalog with the YAML API" above? You can see there are 13 examples like "Example1, Example2 ...", and I think minio could be "Example 14" :)

Author: Updated :)

Author: Sorry I reverted and push again, accidentally adding everything in staging from  codespace...

> Minio has a S3 Compatible API, if you have security concern, you may consider hosting the storage within your network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MinIO has a S3 Compatible API, if there are any security concerns, consider hosting the storage within your network.
```

> The easiest way to setup Minio is to run a docker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way to setup MinIO is to run a Docker image.
```

Author: I updated the docs again, I think I removed these paragraph in earlier commit already, not sure why it here again. Everything should be under Example 14: section

Author: I think the maintainer can just add commits too, feel free to directly edit it.

docker run -p 9000:9000 \
  -e "MINIO_ACCESS_KEY=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE" \
  -e "MINIO_SECRET_KEY=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY" \
  minio/minio server /data

>   You can then access Minio with http://localhost:9000, create bucket and add files like it is on S3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then access MinIO with http://localhost:9000, create a bucket and add files to it, similarly to if they were hosted on S3.
```

> In your credentials.yml, you need to define the access key, token, and the endpoint_url

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the `credentials.yml` file, define the access key, token, and the endpoint_url.
```

```yaml
dev_minio:
  key: AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE # Assuming you use the default configuration
  secret: wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY
  cleitn_kwargs:
    endpoint_url : 'http://localhost:9000' # default for minio
```

> Assume that you already have a bucket named "kedro-test" and a file "test.csv" get upload to the Minio server. You can simply define it in the Data Catalog and use it just like any other dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assume that you have a bucket named "kedro-test" and a file "test.csv" uploaded to the MinIO server. To use it like any other dataset, simply define it in the `catalog.yml` file.
```

```yaml
test:
  type: pandas.CSVDataSet
  filepath: s3://kedro-test/test.csv
  credentials: dev_minio
```

> Note that although the filepath use `s3`, it does not really mean your file is stored in s3, it simply tells kedro to use as a s3 endpoint. You should define the real URL in the `credentials` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that although the filepath uses `s3`, it does not mean that the file is stored in an S3 bucket. But it is telling Kedro to use S3 as an endpoint. The real URL should be defined in the `credentials.yml` instead.
```
I was a bit confused about the S3 endpoint part and might have bamboozled myself there, @noklam.

Thoughts, @921kiyo?

Author: I am confused that the paragraph you are commenting are removed long time ago.  I am not sure why you still see it.

This is a screenshot of the end of the markdown file in my master branch![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18221871/95979313-063f9400-0e4e-11eb-871a-46f4406f8d78.png)

Reviewer 2: No problem! Let me dig here to find out why.
